N.A.S.A. Space APPS Challenge october - 2020
PROJECT NAME: Mean-Octopus System
Proposal presented by: Alejandro Forero

It is said that space is infinite, or that there is a lot of space in space, I have also heard that if you want to find a human, you just have to follow its garbage trail... Everything that surrounds us, we are filling it with garbage, our parks, rivers, even our oceans...

And as incredible as it may seem, we are putting garbage on us, garbage that endangers ourselves by wanting to leave our own planet... And since the first object was launched into space, we started putting trash in space, "garbage that instead of picking it up what we do is see how we ignore it and avoid it".

Just as well as we have created awareness in cleaning our cities, beaches and rivers, we must also begin to clean our upper atmosphere... and in this opportunity, I present to you a reasonable, efficient and cheap option.

MEAN-OCTOPUS SYSTEM, is a set of elements that uses extremely light and basic elements that can be operated manually or autonomously from the ground to give greater peace of mind when you want to eliminate space junk ... Trash is understood as: "leftover objects, old satellites and unwanted satellites" that orbit in space."

MEAN-OCTOPUS SYSTEM It would be composed of a central canvas that is light as a parachute, but strong against scratches and resistant to everything that the space environment offers, eight ropes evenly spaced and at the end of each rope, there will be the "multi-directional space jetpack", which are autonomous or directed from the ground, they are responsible for hooking up with their counterpart once they have captured the load.

Once the canvas has trapped the satellite, the Multi-directional Space Jetpacks nice and slowly, will move forward ensuring that the canvas covers the satellite evenly.

Each Multi-directional Space Jetpack has its counterpart (the 4 above will join the 4 below), this can be done from Earth, they will already have cameras... When the hook of one of the Multi-directional Space Jetpack has hooked its counterpart on the other side, the order will be sent to retract the remaining rope to secure the satellite.

From the upper part of each Multi-directional Space Jetpack, containers that include inside the "Electrodynamic tethers" will be ejected, which when in contact with the electrons of the "Magnetosphere", depending on where the flow of electrons circulate, The satellite could be raised or made to disintegrate against the atmosphere.

And in this way it will be possible to be sure that each obsolete satellite, unwanted satellite or space debris is eliminated little by little until our atmosphere is cleaned to ensure future missions.

Thank you for your attention...